--- PAGE 1 ---
MAE HEALTHCARE SERIES (Q&A)  
 
1. How does MAE Healthcare Series help with weight loss? 
服用 MAE Healthcare Series 如何帮助达到瘦身效果?  
 
If you want to lose weight, you can follow this routine with the MAE Healthcare Series: 
Morning Take one sachet of TOTAL EM+ to [replenish] your body with essential 
nutrients, enhance fat burning, and reduce water retention. 
 
Afternoon 
(After Lunch) 
Take one sachet of TOTAL VITA+ to [regulate] metabolism, improve digestion, 
break down carbohydrates and fats, block sugar absorption, and prevent fat 
accumulation. It also enhances fat-burning efficiency. 
 
Night  
(Before Bed) 
Drink TOTAL DX+ to [cleanse] your body of excess toxins and waste. Drinking 
TOTAL DX+ before bed also provides a feeling of fullness, helping to reduce 
late-night cravings. 
 
 
**Important Tips: Drink plenty of water to improve metabolism and detoxification. At the same 
time, maintain a balanced diet and avoid extreme dieting. Increase your intake of vegetables and 
low-GI fruits. Avoid refined carbs, fried foods, and processed foods, as they can easily turn into 
stored fat, leading to obesity and metabolic issues.  
 
想要瘦身的话，可以根据以下的方式去服用 MAE HEALTHCARE SERIES： 
早上 服用 1 包 TOTAL EM+，【补】充身体需要的营养帮助身体，更好地燃脂，同时消除
水肿问题 
 
午餐后 服用 1 包 TOTAL VITA+ 更好地【调】理新陈代谢，帮助更好地消化和分解碳水化合
物和油脂，阻隔糖分和减少脂肪囤积，并且提升燃脂功效 
 
晚上睡前 服用 1 包 TOTAL DX+可以帮助【清】理身体多余毒素和宿便。睡前喝 TOTAL DX+
可以提供饱足感减少吃宵夜的欲望 
 
 
温馨提醒：服用 MAE Healthcare Series 后，记得要多喝水提升代谢，同时饮食方面要均衡，不要节食。
多摄取蔬菜和低 GI 水果，少吃精致淀粉类的食物，煎炸食品，加工食品因为这些都是最容易转换成脂肪
囤积在体内导致肥胖和三高。 
 
  
--- PAGE 2 ---
2. How can MAE Healthcare Series help with gaining muscle? 
服用 MAE Healthcare Series 如何帮助增肌肉?  
 
If you want to build muscle, in addition to regular strength training, supplementing with sufficient 
protein and nutrition is crucial. MAE Healthcare Series can help you gain muscle more efficiently, 
boost physical performance, and speed up body recovery. 
 
How to Take MAE Healthcare Series for Muscle Growth: 
Morning  TOTAL EM+: [Nourish] to Support Muscle Growth 
• Contains iron, calcium, and premium soy protein to help maintain muscle 
health and enhance physical strength 
• Rich in dietary fiber to aid digestion and prevent indigestion 
• Includes dragon fruit and beetroot, which help promote blood circulation and 
improve workout performance 
• Can be taken with protein -rich foods (such as eggs and chicken) for better 
muscle growth 
 
Before 
Workout 
TOTAL VITA+: [Regulate] Metabolism and Provide Energy 
• Contains Lalmin® Selenium Yeast Extract, which helps boost endurance and 
training performance 
• Enhances metabolism, allowing muscles to better absorb nutrients while 
reducing fat accumulation 
• Blocks carbohydrates and fats, helping the body convert energy efficiently 
and preventing excess fat storage 
 
After 
Workout 
TOTAL EM+: [Replenish] Nutrients for Faster Recovery 
• Take within 30 minutes after exercise, along with high -protein foods, to aid 
muscle repair and growth 
• Replenish minerals (such as iron, calcium, and magnesium) to prevent muscle 
fatigue 
• Helps reduce post-workout water retention, allowing for faster recovery 
 
Before 
Bed 
 
TOTAL DX+: [Cleanse] Toxins and Support Muscle Recovery 
• Eliminates toxins and waste from the body, reducing metabolic burden 
• Provides a feeling of fullness, helping to curb late-night snacking and prevent 
fat accumulation 
• Promotes gut health, ensuring efficient absorption of protein and nutrients 
 
**Helpful Tips: Training + Nutrition + Rest = The Best Formula for Muscle Growth 
Drink enough water daily to aid muscle synthesis and recovery. Pair with a high-protein diet (such 
as chicken breast, eggs, fish, and legumes) for even better results . By consistently using MAE 
Healthcare Series, combined with proper exercise and nutrition, you will achieve a stronger, leaner, 
and more powerful physique!  
 
--- PAGE 3 ---
想要增肌 ，除了规律的力量训练，补充足够的蛋白质和营养也至关重要。 根据以下 MAE Healthcare 
Series 的服用方式，可以帮助你更高效地增肌、提升体能，并加快身体恢复： 
 
早上  TOTAL EM+：【补】充营养，促进肌肉合成 
• 含有铁、钙、优质大豆蛋白，帮助维持肌肉健康，增强体力 
• 含有膳食纤维，帮助肠胃消化，避免消化不良 
• 含有火龙果、甜菜根，有助于促进血液循环，提高运动表现 
• 服用时，可以搭配蛋白质食物（如：鸡蛋，鸡肉），可以更好提升肌肉量 
 
运动前 TOTAL VITA+: 【调】理新陈代谢，提供能量 
• 含有 Lalmin® 酵母提取物，帮助提升体力，提高训练耐力 
• 促进新陈代谢，帮助肌肉更好地利用营养，减少脂肪囤积 
• 阻隔碳水化合物和脂肪，帮助身体更高效地转化能量，防止多余脂肪增加 
 
运动后 TOTAL EM+：【补】充营养，加快恢复 
• 运动后 30 分钟内服用，同时再增加高蛋白食物，帮助肌肉修复和生长 
• 补充流失的矿物质（如铁、钙、镁），防止肌肉疲劳 
• 缓解运动后水肿，让身体更快恢复 
 
睡前 TOTAL DX：【清】理毒素，助力肌肉修复 
• 排出体内多余的毒素和废物，避免代谢负担 
• 提供饱足感，减少宵夜摄入，防止脂肪堆积 
• 促进肠道健康，帮助蛋白质和营养的高效吸收 
 
 
**温馨提醒： 训练+营养+休息 = 增肌最佳组合 
每天喝足够的水，帮助肌肉合成和恢复，同时搭配高蛋白饮食（如鸡胸肉、鸡蛋、鱼、豆类等），效果更
佳。坚持使用 MAE Healthcare Series，搭配合理的运动+饮食，你将看到更紧实、更有力的身材！ 
 
 
3. Is MAE Healthcare Series suitable for people with water retention? 
水肿的人适合服用 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
Absolutely suitable. Our TOTAL EM+ contains barley, dragon fruit, and beetroot, which help 
improve lower-body water retention. Many cases of obesity are caused by excessive intake of 
high-sodium (high-salt) foods, leading to a bloated and swollen body. TOTAL EM+ helps reduce 
water retention, making the bo dy appear slimmer. TOTAL VITA+ boosts metabolism and 
promotes blood circulation, helping to eliminate excess water from the body and reduce swelling. 
TOTAL DX+ is rich in dietary fiber (such as chia seeds and fruit & vegetable fiber), which promotes 
intestinal movement, aiding in the elimination of waste and toxins. When the digestive system 
functions smoothly, the body can expel waste and excess water more efficiently, reducing bloating 
and water retention. 
  
--- PAGE 4 ---
绝对适合。因为我们的 TOTAL EM+ 里含有薏米，火龙果，甜菜根可以帮助我们人体改善下半身水肿体
质。 很多肥胖原因是因为过多摄入高钠食物（高盐）形成水肿体质，所以 TOTAL EM+可以帮助消水肿，
让身材更纤细。 TOTAL VITA+ 加速代谢，促进血液循环把多余水分排出体外，改善消肿问题。 TOTAL 
DX+ 含有丰富的 膳食纤维（例如奇亚籽、果蔬纤维），可以促进肠道蠕动，帮助排出宿便和毒素。当肠
道顺畅，体内的废物和多余水分 也能更快排出，减少腹胀和水肿。 
 
 
4. How long does MAE Healthcare Series take to see results? 
MAE Healthcare Series 服用多久才会见效?  
 
With MAE Healthcare Series, you can typically see noticeable changes within 1-3 months: 
Within 1 week You may experience a weight loss of 1 -2kg due to reduced water 
retention and waste elimination in the intestines. However, most of this 
is water weight rather than fat. 
Within 1 month With proper diet control + moderate exercise, a healthy and sustainable 
weight loss rate is 0.5-1kg per week, meaning you could lose 2-4kg of fat 
in a month. 
Within 3-6 months Depending on individual metabolism, a 5 -10kg weight reduction is 
possible within 3 months. Long -term consistency can improve body fat 
percentage and enhance body shaping. 
 
However, every individual has a different body composition and absorption capacity. Factors such 
as diet structure, calorie intake, metabolism, exercise routine, age, and lifestyle can all affect 
weight loss speed. In general, a weight loss of 2 -4kg per month is considered healthy. It  is 
important to focus on body fat percentage rather than just the number on the scale!  
 
通过 MAE HEALTHCARE SERIES，通常 1-3 个月就能看到明显的变化: 
1 个星期内 体重可能会因为减少水分和肠道废物而下降 1-2kg，但大部分是水分，而非脂肪 
1 个月内 合理控制饮食 + 适量运动，平均每周 0.5-1kg 的减重是健康且可持续的，1 个月可减
少 2-4kg 脂肪 
3-6 个月内 根据个人基础代谢，3 个月可减少 5-10kg，长期坚持还能改善体脂率、塑形 
 
尽管如此，每个人的体质和吸收能力不一样，而且本身的饮食结构、热量控制、基础代谢、运动搭配、年
龄和生活作息等都会影响瘦身速度。一般来说，每月体重下降 2-4kg 是在健康范围内，记得要关注体脂
率，而不是单纯的体重数字。 
  
--- PAGE 5 ---
5. Can people with gastric/stomach easily bloated take MAE Healthcare Series? 
有胃痛/胃胀风的人可以服用 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
Yes, it is safe to consume. TOTAL DX+ contains powerful antioxidants, including ellagic acid and 
flavonoids, which help reduce gastric mucosal inflammation and may aid in preventing stomach 
ulcers. In addition, TOTAL EM+ helps repair and promote the healing of the gastric mucosa, 
alleviating excessive stomach acid and reducing gastric inflammation. With consistent use, it can 
regulate the digestive system, improve stomach conditions, and reduce issues such as sto mach 
pain, bloating, and acid reflux. For those who experience stomach pain due to irregular meals, it 
is recommended to drink TOTAL EM+ when busy to prevent prolonged hunger that may lead to 
stomach discomfort.  
 
TOTAL VITA+ helps to eliminate fat and relieve greasiness. However, individuals with acid reflux 
should avoid drinking acidic beverages on an empty stomach, as it may cause discomfort. It is 
recommended to consume half a packet after meals and avoid making it too concentrated. 
 
可以服用。TOTAL DX+富含抗氧化剂 （鞣花酸 ellagic acid 和黄酮类化合物）有助于减少胃黏膜炎症，
并可能预防胃溃疡。另外，TOTAL EM+ 可以帮助修复促进胃黏膜修复，缓解胃酸过多，减轻胃部炎症。
服用一阵子可以调理肠胃，改善胃病情况，减少胃痛，胃胀风，胃酸等等的情况发生。有胃痛的人通常是
因为不定时吃东西导致胃痛，建议忙碌的时候先喝 TOTAL EM+ ，可以避免长时间的饿肚子导致胃痛。 
 
而 TOTAL VITA+ 有效帮助消脂解腻，但是胃酸病患者在空腹的时候饮用含有带酸的饮料，容易造成胃不
适，建议饭后饮用半包即可，不要泡太浓。  
 
6. Can people with high blood pressure, high cholesterol, or high blood sugar take MAE 
Healthcare Series? 
三高患者（高血压、高胆固醇、高血糖）能否服用 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
Patients with hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes can safely consume MAE products. 
TOTAL EM+ contains 25 types of high-fiber grains, is low in calories and has a low glycemic index 
(GI), helping to stabilize blood sugar levels, prolong satiety, and reduce food cravings. TOTAL DX+ 
is rich in fiber, which aids in absorbing intestinal fats and expelling them from the body, helping 
to control fat intake. TOTAL EM+ also contains barley, dragon fruit, and oats, which help maintain 
sodium-potassium balance, regulate blood pressure, and prevent water retention. TOTAL VITA+ 
helps break down carbohydrates and fats from food, reducing carbohydrate absorption and 
preventing fat conversion, effectively improving high blood sugar and cholesterol levels.  
 
MAE Healthcare Series is made from natural ingredients and does not contain any added sugars, 
so it is safe to consume. If taking medications, consume it 1-2 hours apart or consult your doctor. 
 
  
--- PAGE 6 ---
三高患者可以安心服用 MAE 产品。TOTAL EM+含有 25 种高纤维谷物，低卡、低 GI，有助于稳定血
糖、延长饱腹感，并减少进食欲望。另外，TOTAL EM+ 还含有薏米、甜菜根和燕麦，能够维持体内钠钾
平衡，调节血压，并预防水肿。TOTAL DX+ 富含高纤维，可吸附肠道油脂并排出体外，帮助控制脂肪摄
入。TOTAL VITA+ 可分解食物中的碳水化合物和脂肪，减少碳水吸收，防止其转化为脂肪，从而有效改
善高血糖和胆固醇问题。 
 
MAE Healthcare Series 是采用全天然成分而并无添加任何的糖份，所以可以安心服用。如果有服用三高
药物，建议隔开前后 1-2 小时。如果担心，建议先咨询专业医生。 
 
7. Can cardiovascular disease patient consume MAE Healthcare Series? 
心血管疾病患者可否服用 MAE Healthcare Series?  
 
Cardiovascular disease patients can safely consume MAE Healthcare Series, as they do not contain 
any medicinal ingredients and will not trigger heart function. In the other hand , long -term 
consumption help to improve high blood sugar, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol issues, 
preventing these conditions from worsening and leading to blocked arteries or stroke. 
 
心血管疾病患者可以安心服用 MAE Healthcare Series，因为不含任何药物成分，不会刺激到心脏功能。
反而服用一段时间可以改善高血糖，高血压，高胆固醇的问题，避免情况持续恶化导致血管堵塞或中风。
如果担心，建议先咨询专业医生。 
 
8. Can MAE Healthcare Series be taken during menstruation? 
月经期间可以服用 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
Women are highly recommended to consume MAE Healthcare Series during their menstrual 
period. TOTAL DX+ effectively helps regulate female hormones and alleviates menstrual cramps. 
TOTAL EM+ contains beetroot and dragon fruit, which help replenish iron lost during 
menstruation and support blood production. TOTAL VITA+ aids in breaking down carbohydrates 
and fats, promoting nutrient absorption, and replenishing vitamins and minerals lost during 
menstruation. It also helps maintain energy levels and reduces fatigue.  If you experience 
discomfort during your period, you may adjust the intake according to your personal condition. 
 
女性在月经期间非常适合服用。TOTAL DX+可以有效帮助调理女性荷尔蒙，帮助减轻女性经痛。 TOTAL 
EM+可以含有甜菜根和火龙果可以帮助补充铁质， 有助于补充因月经流失的铁，并支持造血功能 。
TOTAL VITA+ 有助于分解碳水化合物和脂肪，促进营养吸收，并补充经期流失的维生素和矿物质。还能
帮助维持能量水平，减少疲劳感。如果您在经期期间感到不适，可根据自身情况调整饮用量。 
 
9. Can pregnant moms take MAE Healthcare Series? 
怀孕的妈咪可以服用 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
TOTAL DX+ is recommended for consumption only after 4 months of pregnancy. This is because 
the fetus will be in a more stable condition, making it safer to take. During pregnancy, it can help 
relieve constipation as it contains high fiber, which promotes bowel movement and smoother 
digestion. It is also important to drink plenty of water. 
 
--- PAGE 7 ---
TOTAL EM+ can be consumed throughout pregnancy since its ingredients are natural and organic, 
ensuring no harm to pregnant women. Additionally, it provides essential nutrients such as iron 
and calcium, which help ensure the fetus receives sufficient oxygen  and supports the healthy 
development of the brain and organs. 
 
TOTAL VITA+ can help boost immunity and energy when consumed in moderation, but pregnant 
mothers are advised to use MAE Healthcare Series to maintain their health and body shape rather 
than lose weight. Because sufficient nutrition is needed during pregnancy to support the healthy 
development of the fetus, it is recommended to drink it appropriately during pregnancy, just one 
pack a day. If you are worried, recommend to consult professional doctor first. 
 
TOTAL DX+ 建议 4 个月以上，等胎儿状态稳定了才服用。TOTAL DX+含有高纤维可以帮助肠道蠕动，
让排便更顺畅，怀孕期间服用可以解决便秘问题。但建议也要多喝水。TOTAL EM+ 孕期都可以服用，因
为的成分是天然有机的，不会对孕妇造成任何的伤害。而且还可以提供营养给孕妇（例如：铁质，钙质）
助于确保胎儿获得足够氧气，促进大脑和器官健康发育。TOTAL VITA+ 适量饮用可帮助提升免疫力，提
高精力，但建议孕妈妈用 MAE Healthcare Series 来维持自己的健康和体态，而不是瘦身。因为怀孕期间
需要充分的营养来支持胎儿的健康发育，因此建议在怀孕期间要适当饮用，一天喝一包就好。如果担心，
建议先咨询专业医生。 
 
10. Can breastfeeding moms take MAE Healthcare Series? 
哺乳妈咪可以服用 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
TOTAL DX+ is suitable for breastfeeding mothers, but it should be consumed in moderation with 
sufficient water intake. It is rich in dietary fiber, which helps promote intestinal movement and 
relieve postpartum constipation. Since it does not contain any stimulating ingredients, it is 
suitable for most breastfeeding mothers. However, postpartum mothers tend to have more 
sensitive bodies, so it is recommended to start with a small amount (half packet) a nd observe 
how the body adapts. 
 
TOTAL EM+ is suitable for breastfeeding mothers and can help with postpartum recovery and 
breast milk quality. It contains essential nutrients such as iron and calcium, which support breast 
milk quality and ensure the baby receives adequate nutrients. It is made from natural and organic 
ingredients, posing no burden on breastfeeding mothers and babies. Additionally, it contains 
barley, dragon fruit, and beetroot, which help reduce postpartum water retention. It also 
replenishes energy lost after childbirth, reduces fatigue, and enhances recovery. 
 
TOTAL VITA+ can help boost immunity and energy when consumed in moderation. Breastfeeding 
requires adequate nutrition and enough milk to feed the baby, it is recommended to drink it 
appropriately during breastfeeding, one pack a day. If you are concerned, it is recommended to 
consult a professional doctor first to ensure that it will not affect breast milk supply or baby's 
nutrient absorption. 
 
**Gentle Reminder: During the postpartum recovery period, the focus should be on regaining 
strength. It is recommended to wait at least 2-3 weeks for your body to heal before starting TOTAL 
DX+ and TOTAL VITA+. Additionally, pairing them with high -quality protein, complex 
--- PAGE 8 ---
carbohydrates, and healthy fats is advised. Avoid excessive dieting or attempting to lose weight 
too soon—allow your body sufficient time to recover fully. 
 
TOTAL DX+ 适合哺乳妈妈使用，但需要适量，并确保摄取足够的水分。它含有丰富的膳食纤维，有助于
促进肠道蠕动，缓解产后便秘问题。它也不含刺激性成分，适合大部分哺乳妈妈服用。产后妈妈的体质较
敏感，建议先从少量（半包）开始观察身体适应情况。 
 
TOTAL EM+ 适合哺乳妈妈使用，并且对产后恢复和母乳质量有一定的帮助。它含有铁质、钙质等必需营
养，有助于母乳质量，确保宝宝获得充足养分。它采用天然有机成分，不会对哺乳期妈妈和宝宝造成负担。
而且含有薏米、火龙果、甜菜根，有助于缓解产后水肿问题。还有可以帮助补充产后流失的能量，减少疲
劳，提高身体恢复能力。 
 
TOTAL VITA+ 适量饮用可帮助提升免疫力，提高精力。哺乳期间需要充分的营养和足够的奶水喂宝宝，
因此建议在哺乳期间要适当饮用，一天喝一包就好。如果担心，建议先咨询专业医生，以确保不会影响母
乳供应或宝宝的营养吸收。 
 
温馨提醒：坐月子期间以恢复体力为主，建议至少 2-3 星期，待身体修复后再开始饮用 TOTAL DX+ 和 
TOTAL VITA+ 。另外也建议搭配高蛋白、优质碳水和健康脂肪 。避免过度节食或过早减肥，让身体有足
够的时间恢复。 
 
11. Do I stop taking MAE Healthcare Series after finishing one box? 
服用完一个疗程的 MAE Healthcare Series 后就不需要再继续吗?  
 
It is recommended that you continue to take MAE Healthcare Series in a targeted manner after 
taking a course of treatment. Because it takes at least 1 -3 months to achieve a stable effect of 
weight loss. Especially if you don’t control your diet well and like to eat high-calorie and high-fat 
foods, it is easy to cause fat accumulation and weight gain. Therefore, taking MAE HEALTHCARE 
SERIES can prevent weight gain, help maintain weight or keep losing weight. 
 
建议服用完一个疗程的 MAE Healthcare Series 后，可以继续以针对性的方式继续服用。因为瘦身需要至
少 1-3 个月的时间才能达到稳定的效果。尤其是平时饮食没有控管好，喜欢吃高热量和高脂肪的食物，容
易导致脂肪囤积，体重很容易上升，所以服用 MAE HEALTHCARE SERIES 可以避免体重上升，可以帮助
维持体重或体重可以持续下降。 
 
12. Can children take MAE HEALTHCARE products? 
小孩子能喝 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
Children have good metabolism, so it is not recommended to use MAE Healthcare Series to lose 
weight, but it can help supplement nutrition or regulate specific health problems, such as 
constipation, picky eating, etc.. 
小朋友自身的代谢好，因此不建议用 MAE Healthcare Series 来瘦身，但可以帮助补充营养或调理特定的
健康问题，例如：便秘问题、挑食等。 
  
--- PAGE 9 ---
 
Types of products 
产品种类 
Below 3 years old 
3 岁以下 
3-6 years old 
3-6 岁 
6-12 years old 
6-12 岁 
12 years old & above 
12 岁& 以上 
TOTAL DX+ Not recommend 
不建议喝 
1/4 packet 
1/4 包 
1/2 packet 
1/2 包 
1 packet 
1 包 
TOTAL EM+ Not recommend 
不建议喝 
1 packet 
1 包 
1 packet 
1 包 
1 packet 
1 包 
TOTAL VITA+ Not recommend 
不建议喝 
1/4 packet 
1/4 包 
1/2 packet 
1/2 包 
1 packet 
1 包 
 
 
13. Can I take MAE Healthcare Series after drinking alcohol? 
喝酒后能喝 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
TOTAL DX+ can be consumed because it contains dietary fiber, which helps promote digestion 
and detoxification, and helps the liver metabolize alcohol and toxins. However, it is recommended 
to drink it one hour after drinking alcohol, because alcohol itself can irri tate the gastric mucosa, 
and TOTAL DX+ may increase gastrointestinal motility, causing stomach discomfort, bloating, and 
even diarrhea. 
 
TOTAL EM+ is recommended to consume after 1 hour of drinking alcohol. Alcohol affects the 
digestive function of the stomach. TOTAL EM+ contains dietary fiber. Drinking it immediately 
after drinking alcohol may increase the burden on the stomach and cause discomfort or diarrhea. 
 
TOTAL VITA+ is not recommended to drink immediately after consuming alcohol. Since it helps 
regulate metabolism and break down fats and carbohydrates, it may put additional strain on the 
liver, which is already focused on metabolizing alcohol. If you wish to drink TOTAL VITA+, it is 
best to wait until the next day when most of the alcohol has been metabolized. 
 
TOTAL DX+ 可以喝，因为它含有膳食纤维，有助于促进消化和排毒，帮助肝脏代谢酒精和毒素。但建议
在喝酒后隔 1 个小时再饮用，因为酒精本身会刺激胃黏膜，TOTAL DX+ 可能会增加肠胃蠕动，导致胃部
不适、胀气，甚至腹泻。 
 
TOTAL EM+ 可以喝，但建议在喝酒后隔 1 个小时再饮用。酒精会影响胃部消化功能，TOTAL EM+ 含有
膳食纤维，喝酒后立即饮用可能会加重胃部负担，导致不适或腹泻。 
 
TOTAL VITA+ 不建议在喝酒后立即饮用。由于 TOTAL VITA+ 具有调理新陈代谢、分解脂肪和碳水化合
物的功能，可能会加重肝脏的负担，而此时肝脏正专注于分解酒精。如果要喝 TOTAL VITA+ ，建议等到
第二天，等身体代谢完大部分酒精后再饮用。 
 
  
--- PAGE 10 ---
14. Can I take MAE Healthcare Series when I have a cold or fever? 
生病期间（如：感冒发烧）能喝 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
TOTAL DX+ is not recommended if you have a cold, sore throat, or fever, as it contains a high 
amount of dietary fiber, which may burden the digestive system and cause discomfort. It is best 
to wait until recovery before consuming. 
 
TOTAL EM+  is suitable to consume during illness. It contains iron, calcium, and other natural 
nutrients that help replenish energy, boost physical strength, and speed up recovery. During a 
cold, it can be consumed in moderation, but avoid drinking it cold  and it's best to mix it with 
warm water. 
 
TOTAL VITA+ is highly recommended if you have a fever or cold! It contains Lalmin® selenium 
yeast extract, which effectively boosts immunity, reduces inflammation, and helps restore energy 
and strength, allowing the body to recover more quickly. 
 
TOTAL DX+ 暂时不建议饮用，因为它含有较高的膳食纤维，可能会增加肠胃负担，导致肠胃不适。建议
等身体恢复后再饮用。 
 
TOTAL EM+ 适合生病期间饮用。它含有铁、钙和其他天然营养成分，有助于补充能量，增强体力，加快
恢复速度。感冒期间可适量饮用，但要避免冰饮，建议用温水冲泡。 
 
TOTAL VITA+ 非常建议饮用！它主要含有 Lalmin®酵母提取物有效提升免疫力，抗发炎，帮助恢复精神
和体力，让身体赶快恢复。 
 
15. Can vegetarians take MAE Healthcare Series? 
素食者可以服用 MAE Healthcare Series 吗?  
 
Yes, MAE Healthcare Series products are made with 100% plant -based ingredients and do not 
contain any animal-derived components, suitable for vegetarians. The packaging also includes a 
label indicating that the products are vegetarian-friendly. 
 
可以，MAE Healthcare Series 产品都是 100%植物性成分，不含任何动物成分，所以素食者可以服用。
产品包装也是有注明适合素食者的标签。 
  
--- PAGE 11 ---
16. Why is MAE Healthcare Series  in powder form? How is it different from capsules and 
tablets? 
为什么 MAE Healthcare Series 是粉状的？跟胶囊和片剂形式的有什么区别?  
 
The powder form can be digested and absorbed by the body more quickly, reducing the burden 
on the digestive system, whereas capsules and tablets need to dissolve first before being 
absorbed. Powder products can retain more active ingredients without the need for bin ders or 
additives to maintain their shape, ensuring a more natural and pure formulation. Powder can be 
easily mixed into a drink, suitable for those who dislike swallowing capsules or tablets, especially 
the elderly, children, or individuals with weak digestion. 
 
粉状可以更快被人体消化吸收，减少肠胃负担，而胶囊和片剂需要先溶解后才能被吸收。粉状产品可以保
留更多的活性成分，不需要使用粘合剂或添加剂来维持形状，确保更天然、更纯净。粉状可以直接冲泡成
饮品，适合不喜欢吞咽胶囊或片剂的人群，特别是老人、小孩或肠胃较弱的人。 
 
17. Are there any safety certifications for MAE Healthcare Series? 
MAE Healthcare Series 有什么安全认证吗？  
 
Yes, you can take it with confidence. All products under MAE HEALTHCARE SERIES have been 
classified as food by the Malaysian Ministry of Health Drug Administration (NPRA, KKM), and have 
also been approved by the Malaysian Ministry of Health Food Safety and  Quality Department 
(FSQD, KKM) and SEA HALAL certification. In addition, there are also certifications from inspection 
agencies such as SGS and food inspection agency BVAQ. In addition, GMP & HACCP certifications 
have also been obtained to ensure that the food is safe and hygienic. 
 
有的, 可以安心服用。MAE HEALTHCARE SERIES 旗下的产品都是已被马来西亚卫生部药物管理局归类为
食品类（ NPRA, KKM)，同时也获得马来西亚卫生部食品安全和质量局的批准（ FSQD, KKM)和 SEA 
HALAL 清真认证。除此之外，还有 SGS 以及食品检机构 BVAQ 等的检验机构认证。另外，也获得 GMP 
& HACCP 认证确保食品是安全和卫生的。 
  
--- PAGE 12 ---
 
MAE TOTAL DX+ 
 
18. How should individuals with severe constipation take MAE Healthcare Series? 
严重便秘者该如何服用 MAE Healthcare Series?  
 
For severe constipation, take TOTAL DX+ daily. Once symptoms improve, gradually reduce to one 
sachet every two days and adjust as needed. For moderate constipation, take 3-4 times per week, 
and for mild constipation, 1 -2 times per week. TOTAL DX+ contains natural dietary fiber that 
stimulates intestinal motility, helping food residues pass smoothly through the digestive tract and 
speeding up bowel movements. Each bowel movement helps the body eliminate harmful 
chemicals, toxins, and waste. 
 
严重便秘者需每日服用 TOTAL DX+。症状改善后，可逐步减少至每 2 天 1 包，并根据情况继续调整。中
度便秘者一个星期服用 3-4 次，轻微便秘者可以一个星期服用 1-2 次。TOTAL DX+ 含有天然膳食纤维，
可刺激肠道蠕动，帮助食物残渣顺畅通过消化道，加快排便速度。每排一次身体可以把体内的有害化学物
质/毒素/垃圾排出体外。 
 
19. Will TOTAL DX+ cause stomach cramps? 
喝了 TOTAL DX+后，感觉肚子绞痛是正常的吗？ 
 
One of TOTAL DX+ key benefits is that it does not cause cramping, as it contains no laxatives. 
However, it's important to distinguish between cramping and normal stomach discomfort: 
Cramps: Severe pain with cold sweats but no bowel movement (TOTAL DX+ does NOT cause this). 
Normal stomach discomfort: A signal from your body indicating it's time for bowel movement 
(which is completely normal). It's misleading to claim "completely painless", as the body naturally 
sends signals before a bowel movement, and one of those signals is mild stomach discomfort. 
 
我们 TOTAL DX+其中一个卖点就是不绞痛。因为完全不含任何的泻药成分在里面。当然绞痛和肚子痛是
有其中的差别的。绞痛是会让你痛到感觉人很不舒服而且会冒冷汗可是却排不出宿便；肚子痛是正常的  
这是肚子给你一个 signal 要去排便了。说无痛是骗人的，因为我们要排便之前，身体都会跟我们一些讯
号，告诉我们是时候排便了，其中一个讯号就是肚子疼。 
 
20. Why is my bowel movement less frequent after taking a few packs of TOTAL DX+? Does 
it mean it's no longer effective? 
为什么喝了几包 TOTAL DX+后，排便没有之前那么多了？是否没有效果了？ 
 
No, it does not mean ineffective. It simply means that a lot of toxins have already been expelled, 
and since your daily food intake varies, the amount of waste eliminated will naturally fluctuate. 
 
不是没有效果。只是体内的毒素已经被排出了很多，而且每天摄取的食物分量都不一样，接下来排便的份
量自然会有所不同。 
  
--- PAGE 13 ---
21. Why after taking TOTAL DX+ stomach feel bloated? 
      为什么喝了 TOTAL DX+肚子会胀风？ 
 
There's few reasons after taking TOTAL DX+ stomach feel bloated. If your body isn't used to high 
fiber intake, your digestive system needs time to adjust. A sudden increase in fiber can cause gas, 
bloating, and discomfort as gut bacteria ferment the fiber. Also,  some types of fiber, like soluble 
fiber (found in oats, fruits, and fiber supplements), are fermented in the gut, producing gas as a 
byproduct. This can cause bloating, especially for people with sensitive stomachs. So you can start 
by taking half a pack, and then increase to 1 pack once your stomach and intestines have adapted. 
 
服用 TOTAL DX+ 后感到腹胀可能有几个原因。  如果你的身体不习惯高纤维摄入，消化系统需要时间适
应。突然增加纤维摄入可能会导致肠道细菌发酵纤维，从而产生气体、腹胀和不适。   此外，可溶性纤维
（如燕麦、水果等）在肠道内发酵，会产生气体，可能会引起腹胀，特别是对于肠胃较敏感的人。所以可
以先开始服用半包，等肠胃适应了，才增加吃 1 包。 
 
 22. Can TOTAL DX+ be taken in the morning? 
早上能喝 TOTAL DX+ 吗?  
 
Yes, but taking it at night before bed is more effective. The body's natural detoxification process 
is most active during sleep. However, for night-shift workers, taking it before their morning sleep 
will still provide the same detox benefits. 
 
能。可是不比在晚上睡前服用来得更加有效果。那是因为我们人体在晚上睡觉的时候是最佳的排毒时间，
所以晚上服用效果会更好。但是由于有些顾客是做晚班，早上睡觉，晚班客户可早上睡前喝，  一样可以
达到排毒效果。  
 
23.Can I eat a late-night snack after taking TOTAL DX+? 
晚上服用了 TOTAL DX+后能吃宵夜吗?  
 
You you can, but it is not recommended to consume high-calorie or spicy foods. Instead, can 
choose to drink soy milk with whole wheat biscuits or TOTAL EM+ to help satisfy hunger. Excessive 
intake may easily lead to calories being converted into fat.  If you find it inconvenient, you can 
drink TOTAL DX+ as a substitute for late -night snacks. Since it is high in fiber, the fiber expands 
when mixed with water, helping you feel fuller and reducing the urge to snack at night. 
 
可以吃，但是不建议吃高热量 /刺激性的食物，可以选择喝豆奶配全麦饼干 /TOTAL EM+ 帮助充饥就好。
过量摄取容易导致热量转换成脂肪。如果觉得麻烦，可以直接喝 TOTAL DX+ 代替宵夜，因为它的纤维量
很高，泡水后纤维会膨胀，可以让你有饱足感，减少吃宵夜。 
 
  
--- PAGE 14 ---
MAE TOTAL EM+ 
 
24. How long does TOTAL EM+ keep you full? 
服用 TOTAL EM+ 可以耐饱多久?  
 
This varies by individual, but generally, it provides satiety for 3 -4 hours. If you typically consume 
large portions, your stomach may need time to adjust to smaller meals, so at first, it might only 
last 2-3 hours. 
 
因个人体质而异。基本上是可以耐饱至少 3-4 个小时之久。如果你之前的食量本来就很大，那么你的胃需
要时间去适应小分量的食物，所以通常重要的情况会耐 2-3 个小时。  
 
25. Can I take TOTAL EM+ at night? 
TOTAL EM+ 可以在晚上服用吗?  
 
Absolutely. TOTAL EM+ can be taken anytime and anywhere. You can brew it and drink it 
whenever you feel hungry. If you dont have time to eat dinner, you can also drink TOTAL EM+ to 
replace your dinner. 
 
绝对可以的。我们的 TOTAL EM+是随时随地都可以服用，只要感觉到饿都可以随时冲泡来饮用。 如果没
时间吃晚餐，也可以饮用 TOTAL EM+代替你的晚餐。 
  
26. Can people with soy allergies take TOTAL EM+ ? 
对大豆敏感的体质可以服用 TOTAL EM+ 吗?  
 
The main ingredients of TOTAL EM+ come from grains, with the right amount of soy ingredients. 
However, each person's body can tolerate different amounts, so it is recommended that people 
who are sensitive to soy need to consider the amount themselves and ensure that they do not 
consume too much and cause sensitivity. 
 
TOTAL EM+ 的主要成分来自谷粮，搭配着适量的大豆成分。但每个人的身体可以承受的份量不同，所以
建议对大豆敏感的人需要自己斟酌份量，确保不要过量摄取导致敏感就好。 
 
27.  How is TOTAL EM+ different from other meal replacements on the market? 
TOTAL EM+和市场上的代餐有何不同?  
 
Our TOTAL EM+ contains Slendesta® potato protein extract, which helps reduce hunger and 
control appetite. Most importantly, it is low in calories, only 83.2kcal, and has a low GI value, which 
can stabilize blood sugar, prolongs digestion time, long-lasting fullness, and reduces the urge to 
eat. It can also provide the nutrients needed for a meal (25 kinds of organic grains). In addition, 
it can also help improve edema and expel excess water from the body. 
 
我们的 TOTAL EM+有 Slendesta®马铃薯蛋白提取物有助于减少饥饿感，帮助控制食欲之外，最重要是
低热量只有 83.2kcal 和低 GI 值可以稳定血糖，延缓消化时间，将饱腹感延长，减少进食的欲望。同时可
以提供一餐所需要的营养 (25 种有机谷粮)。另外，还能帮助改善水肿体质，排出身体多余的水分。 
--- PAGE 15 ---
28. How often can I drink TOTAL EM+? 
多久可以喝一次 TOTAL EM+?  
 
TOTAL EM+ can be consumed anytime —morning, afternoon, or evening, without restriction. It 
does not have to be taken exclusively as breakfast. 
 
TOTAL EM+你想早上/下午/晚上饮用都可以，并没有限制一定要早上作为早餐。  
 
29. Who can take TOTAL EM+? 
TOTAL EM+的适合人群?  
 
TOTAL EM+ is especially suitable for 特别适合: 
特别适合 功效 
Pregnant women 
孕妇妈妈 
TOTAL EM+ is rich in iron, ensure the fetus receives enough 
oxygen to support healthy brain and organ development. 
TOTAL EM+ 富含铁质， 助于确保胎儿获得足够氧气，促进大脑和
器官健康发育. 
Breastfeeding mother 
哺乳妈妈 
TOTAL EM+ helps to replenish nutrients lost by mothers (such 
as calcium and iron) & stimulate prolactin, promoting milk 
production. 
TOTAL EM+富含铁质，助于确保胎儿获得足够氧气，促进大脑和器官
健康发育. 
Diabetes, high cholesterol & 
high blood pressure patient 
三高患者 
TOTAL EM+ helps stabilize blood sugar levels, lowers bad 
cholesterol (LDL) & lower blood pressure. 
有效帮助稳定血糖，降低坏胆固醇（LDL） 和降低血压 
Bloating/ Indigestion 
胃胀风/消化不良 
TOTAL EM+ helps to promote stomach lining repair, relieve 
excess stomach acid & reduces stomach inflammation. 
有效促进胃黏膜修复，缓解胃酸过多，减轻胃部炎症 
 
 
  
--- PAGE 16 ---
MAE TOTAL VITA+  
 
30. How does TOTAL VITA+ boost energy levels? 
TOTAL VITA+ 是一款能量饮品, 它如何帮助人体增加体力？  
 
TOTAL VITA+ is an energy drink that helps boost physical stamina through several key 
components: 
• Lalmin® Selenium Yeast Extract – Rich in B vitamins, it enhances energy metabolism, reduces 
fatigue, and improves endurance. 
• Vitamins & Minerals – Contains B-complex vitamins, iron, magnesium, and other essential 
nutrients that promote energy conversion, boost cellular activity, and enhance stamina. 
• Natural Tea Extract – Packed with antioxidants, it helps alleviate fatigue, improve mental focus, 
and keep you alert and energized. 
• Boosts Metabolism – By accelerating the breakdown of carbohydrates and fats, it enables the 
body to convert energy more efficiently, reducing exhaustion and making you feel more 
energetic. 
Consuming TOTAL VITA+ in moderation help replenish energy, enhance physical stamina, and 
especially beneficial for individuals with busy lifestyles, those needing an energy boost, or those 
recovering after exercise. 
 
TOTAL VITA+ 是一款能量饮品，它通过多种关键成分帮助人体提升体力： 
• Lalmin® 酵母提取物 – 富含 B 族维生素，有助于提升能量代谢，减少疲劳，提高耐力 
• 维生素与矿物质 – 维生素 B 群、铁、镁等营养成分能够促进身体能量转换，提高细胞活力，增强体力 
• 天然茶提取物 – 含有抗氧化成分，有助于缓解疲劳，提高精神专注力，使人保持清醒和充满活力 
• 促进新陈代谢 – 通过加速碳水化合物和脂肪的分解，使身体更高效地转换能量，减少倦怠感，让人更
加精力充沛 
 
适量饮用 TOTAL VITA+ ，可以帮助身体补充能量、增强体力，特别适合日常忙碌、需要提升精力或运动
后恢复的人群。 
 
31. Does TOTAL VITA+ provide an energy boost? 
TOTAL VITA+ 可以帮助人体提神吗?  
 
Yes, TOTAL VITA+ can help boost energy levels. It contains a variety of vitamins, minerals, and tea 
extract that aid in enhancing energy, relieving fatigue, and improving focus and mental alertness. 
Lalmin® Selenium Yeast extract helps to strengthen the im mune system, restore energy, and 
reduce fatigue. Additionally, it promotes metabolism, allowing the body to convert energy more 
efficiently, making you feel more refreshed and energized. 
 
是的，TOTAL VITA+ 可以帮助人体提神。它含有多种维生素，矿物质和茶提取，有助于提升能量水平，
缓解疲劳，提高专注力和精神状态。其中的 Lalmin® 酵母提取物可以增强免疫力，帮助身体恢复精力，
减少疲劳感。此外，它还能促进新陈代谢，帮助身体更有效地转换能量，使人感觉更加精神焕发。 
  
--- PAGE 17 ---
32. What type of tea extract is used in TOTAL VITA+? 
TOTAL VITA+ 里的（茶提取成分）是什么茶类？  
 
Black tea and green tea extracts. 
Black Tea 红茶 & 绿茶提取物。  
 
33. 饮用 TOTAL VITA+ 最好的时间是几时？ 
What is the best time to consume TOTAL VITA+? 
 
Recommended to drink after lunch . It is  more effective to break down fats  in food and reduce 
carbohydrate intake to avoid conversion into fat. 
 
建议在午餐后饮用可以更有效帮助分解食物油脂和减少碳水化合物的摄入，避免转换成脂肪。 
 
34. Can I drink TOTAL VITA+ every day? 
TOTAL VITA+ 可以天天饮用吗？  
 
Yes! TOTAL VITA+ helps enhance immunity, fight oxidation, and improve overall health, making 
it suitable for daily consumption. 
 
可以！TOTAL VITA+ 可帮助增强免疫，对抗氧化，改善整体健康，适合天天饮用。  
 
35. Will drinking TOTAL VITA+ after 5 PM cause difficult to sleep? 
TOTAL VITA+ 是一款能量饮如果 5pm 以后饮用会难入睡吗?  
 
This depends on individual tolerance. TOTAL VITA+ helps boost metabolism, energy expenditure, 
and alertness, but it is not a strong stimulant like commercial energy drinks. If you are sensitive 
to caffeine or tea extracts, drinking it too late may affect sleep. 
 
需要看个人体质。TOTAL VITA+  可提高新陈代谢，加速能量消耗和代谢，有提神作用。所以喝了之后会
比较精神，但并不是一般市场那种提神能量饮品，不会导致精力过量。只是如果个人体质对茶叶 /咖啡碱
特别敏感的话，太晚喝可能会导致难入睡。  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 