--- PAGE 1 ---
MAE IREASON (Q&A —— ENGLISH VERSION) 
1. Where is the MAE iReason formula from? 
Formulated In USA 
 
2. What Is MAE iReason? 
MAE iReason is a powdered eye supplement with water -soluble properties, allowing for quick 
absorption by eye cells. It is also  an eye care product in Malaysia with the highest number of 
patented/trademarked ingredients, specifically designed to "detoxify" the eyes. With its high -
quality, safe, and effective formula, MAE iReason can significantly enhance visual performance and 
serve as a comprehensive solution for eye health issues. 
 
3. What is special about MAE iReason compared to other eye care products on the market? 
Unlike ordinary eye care products on the market, which usually contain no more than 10mg of 
lutein and are insufficient for the demands of today's digital age, especially for those who use 
electronic devices extensively. 
 
MAE iReason not only contains the high -quality patented ingredients FLORAGLO® LUTEIN and 
LUTEMAX 2020 (LUTEIN & ZEAXANTHIN), but it also delivers more than 10mg of lutein and more 
than 2mg of zeaxanthin per sachet. In contrast to ordinary eye care products that might require 2-
3 sachets, just one sachet of MAE iReason is sufficient to meet the daily needs of adults to filter 
out blue light damage. 
 
Moreover, the formula is enhanced with four other patented/trademarked ingredients, providing 
comprehensive benefits for the eyes, including promoting blood circulation, antioxidation, 
relieving eye strain, and effectively improving vision performance. 
 
MAE iReason —— For Complete Eye Nutrition 
 
4. What are the main ingredients of MAE iReason? 
MAE iReason primarily provides complete nutrients for eye health through 6 trademarked/ 
patented ingredients and 8 key potent ingredients. 
6 TRADEMARKED/PATENTED INGREDIENTS 8 KEY POTENT INGREDIENTS 
▪ Pomanox® Pomegranate Powder 
▪ Bilberon® Bilberry  
▪ Sirtmax® (Curcuma Caesia)  
▪ FloraGLO® Lutein  
▪ Lutemax 2020 (Lutein & Zeaxanthin) 
▪ Aquamin-F® (Natural Minerals)  
▪ Cranberry Powder  
▪ Yuzu Powder  
▪ Fibersol-2  
▪ Goji Berry  
▪ Maqui Berry  
▪ Antioxidant Premix  
▪ Acai Berry Extract  
▪ Vitamin C  
 
  
--- PAGE 2 ---
5. How does MAE iReason help detoxify the eyes efficiently and maintain the health of eye cells? 
"Eye toxins" refer to substances that can harm eye health, such as dust, metabolic waste, free 
radicals, and UV rays. Although the eyes do not have a  "detox mechanism," MAE iReason can 
indirectly help to eliminate or defend against these toxins through the following ways: 
REMOVE  Promote eye microcirculation to eliminate metabolic waste 
PROTECT  Form a protective layer for the eyes to prevent light damage 
ELIMINATE Provide powerful antioxidant effects to remove free radicals 
When the eyes are free from  these "toxins," they can maintain healthy eye cell function, 
including cell repair and regeneration, thereby improving vision problems. 
 
6. How does MAE iReason protect your eyes from up to 90% of blue light damage? 
In the macula of the eye, lutein and zeaxanthin (two types of carotenoids ) effectively help filter 
harmful blue light, protect the retina, and maintain good vision. However, the human body cannot 
synthesize these nutrients on its own and must obtain them from food. 
 
MAE iReason not only contains high levels of lutein (>10mg) and zeaxanthin (>2mg), with each 
sachet’s lutein content is equivalent to about 50 eggs or 27 carrots, fulfilling the daily needs of 
your eyes. Additionally, MAE iReason achieves the following: 
i. GOLDEN RATIO of [5 LUTEIN : 1 ZEAXANTHIN], commonly found in natural foods and 
recommended by the US National Eye Institute. 
ii. High Concentration, Bioavailability, and Stability, achieving 5x superior absorption rate. It also 
resists decomposition by light, heat, or gastric acid and can be absorbed directly into the eye's 
fundus in a short time  
iii. Additional Carotenoids and Antioxidants: 
* Beta-Carotene: Converts to Vitamin A in the body, maintaining night vision and overall eye health. 
* Lycopene: A potent antioxidant that is beneficial for protecting cells from oxidative damage. 
* Anthocyanins: Another strong antioxidant with anti -inflammatory properties that improves blood 
circulation, enhances night vision, protects the retina, and helps prevent macular degeneration and 
reduce eye fatigue. 
 
7. What advantages does MAE iReason’s lutein have compared to other products on the market? 
Many products on the market only highlight on lutein, but MAE iReason has a unique advantage 
with its inclusion of two major patented natural lutein ingredients: FloraGLO® Lutein and Lutemax 
2020. 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
FloraGLO® Lutein: This ingredient protects the eyes from blue light damage, maintains brain health, 
and acts as an antioxidant to support skin health. It also aids in neurodevelopment during 
pregnancy and childhood. Studies show that after 28 days of supplementation, FloraGLO® Lutein 
can significantly increase lutein levels in the body by up to 520%. 
Lutemax 2020: This formula contains three types of macular carotenoids: Lutein, RR -zeaxanthin, 
and RS (meso)-zeaxanthin. It improves central vision, reduces oxidative stress, and filters blue light 
to protect the retinal health of the eyes. This comprehensive formula provides a broader and more 
complete level of eye protection from blue light damage.  
 
8. How many grams of FloraGLO® Lutein is in each sachet of MAE iReason? 
 
According to health regulations, the main ingredients must be presented as a percentage to make 
it easier for consumers to understand the relative content of the ingredients. The Ingredients List 
on the MAE iReason ’s packaging shows “FloraGLO® Lutein (Lutein and Zeaxanthin) (3.33%)” ,  
which means that each sachet of MAE iReason contains 3.33% FloraGLO® Lutein. 
Calculation: 3g x 3.33% = 0.0999g 
(Each 3g sachet of MAE iReason contains 0.0999g of FloraGLO® Lutein (Lutein and Zeaxanthin).) 
 
9. What is the lutein content in each sachet of MAE iReason? 
 
This Lutein Report not only shows that MAE iReason has the GOLDEN RATIO of [5  Lutein : 1  
Zeaxanthin] but also shows that it consists of:  
• Lutein = 8600mg/kg 
• Zeaxanthin = 1720mg/kg  
>> For each sachet of MAE iReason that weighs 3g, the content is: 
LUTEIN Zeaxanthin 
8600     1000   3 
= 25.8mg 
1720     1000   3 
= 5.16mg 

--- PAGE 4 ---
10. What is the recommended daily intake of lutein for adults? can MAE i2eason meet our daily 
lutein needs? 
According to research and recommendations from professional organizations, the general daily 
intake of lutein for adults is between 6mg and 20mg. For individuals with significant eye strain, a 
daily intake of up to 40mg of lutein is suggested. This range can vary based on factors such as age, 
gender, health status, and lifestyle. 
Each sachet of MAE iReason contains 25.8mg of lutein. Since the lutein used in MAE iReason is 
non-toxic, it is safe for individuals  experiencing eye strain to consume up to 2 sachets per day. 
Customers can adjust their intake according to their needs, with a typical recommendation being 
1-2 sachets per day. 
 
11. Why does MAE iReason have exceptional antioxidant effects? What are the benefits for the eyes? 
The eyes are among the organs most susceptible to oxidative damage due to prolonged exposure 
to external light and environmental pollutants. Antioxidant components play a crucial role in 
maintaining visual function and overall eye health. 
 
MAE iReason contains numerous high -antioxidant natural ingredients, including Acai Berry, 
Cranberry, Pomanox® Pomegranate Extract, Bilberon® Bilberry Extract, Sirtmaz®, Maqui Berry, N-
Acetyl L-Cysteine, Astaxanthin, and Coenzyme Q10. These ingredients contribute to an ORAC value 
of up to 2 million (μmol Trolox Equivalent/100 g). 
 
The exceptionally high antioxidant value helps to: 
a. Protect the eyes from free radical damage 
b. Improve night vision sharpness 
c. Enhance the speed of vision recovery after glare 
 
12. How should MAE iReason be taken? 
FOR DAILY EYE CARE 
 
Take 1 sachet daily, either before breakfast 
in the morning or before bedtime at night.  
FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGH EYE USAGE 
 
Take 2 sachets daily.  
 
1 sachet in the morning before breakfast (acts 
as eye protection against sun exposure) 
 
1 sachet before bedtime at night (for vision 
repair and relaxation) 
 
 
13. What does 'INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGH EYE USAGE' mean? 
'INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGH EYE USAGE' typically refer to those who need to engage in intense visual 
activities for extended periods in their daily life or work, especially those who spend long hours 
staring at computer screens or are exposed to sunlight and other harmful light sources. Examples 
include drivers, pilots, and seamstresses. It is recommended that such individuals take 2 sachets 
of MAE iReason daily to better maintain eye and vision health. 
--- PAGE 5 ---
14. Can vegetarians take MAE iReason? 
Yes, they can. MAE iReason is a completely natural “eye health supplement.” 
 
15. Can pregnant or breastfeeding women take MAE iReason? 
 
Some eye health products on the market may have lutein components that lack clinical trial data 
specifically for pregnant women, so it is generally not recommended for them. However, according 
to US FDA certification, the lutein component in MAE iReason —FloraGLO® Lutein  (Lutein & 
Zeaxanthin) is considered safe for pregnant and breastfeeding women and their babies. 
Nonetheless, since each pregnancy is unique, it is advisable to consult a pediatrician or family 
doctor to check the appropriate dosage and poten tial interactions with other medications or 
health conditions before starting supplementation. 
 
16. Can individuals with hypertension, diabetes, or high take MAE iReason? 
MAE iReason is a completely natural “eye health supplement” suitable for individuals with 
hypertension, diabetes, or high cholesterol . Additionally, hypertension, diabetes, or high 
cholesterol can affect vision and eye health, potentially leading to retinal disorders, cataracts, 
glaucoma, and other eye diseases. Taking MAE iReason can help prevent and alleviate such 
damage to vision. If there are concerns, it is advisable to consult a healthcare provider or family 
doctor to determine the appropriate dosage and check for potential interactions with other 
medications or health conditions before starting supplementation. 
 
17. Can MAE iReason be taken during menstruation? 
Yes, it can. There are no adverse effects of taking MAE iReason during menstruation. 
 
18. Can MAE iReason be taken with gastric conditions? 
Individuals with gastric conditions are advised to eat something or have a meal replacement in the 
morning before taking MAE iReason. 
 
19. Can MAE iReason be taken with other supplements or medications? 
If you are taking any medications, it is recommended to wait 3-4 hours before taking MAE iReason 
to avoid potentially negative interactions. Alternatively, consult a doctor for personalized advice. 
 
  

--- PAGE 6 ---
20. How long does it take to see results? 
Generally, most people may notice some improvement within a few weeks to a few months after 
starting to take MAE iReason, although results can vary depending on individual factors. However, 
consistent and regular consumption is crucial for maintaining long-term eye health. If you do not 
see the expected results after a period of use, it is advisable to consult an eye specialist or doctor. 
 
21. Can MAE iReason be taken after drinking alcohol? 
Although MAE iReason is a completely natural “eye health supplement,” taking it under the 
influence of alcohol may interfere with the product’s effectiveness and could lead to undesirable 
results. Therefore, it is not recommended to take MAE iReason immediately after drinking alcohol; 
it is better to wait 3 -4 hours before taking it. If any discomfort arises from improper use, it is 
advisable to consult a doctor as soon as possible. 
 
22. What is the recommended age for starting to consume MAE iReason? 
It is recommended for children aged 3 years and above to start taking MAE iReason. MAE iReason 
is a completely natural “eye health supplement” with no pharmaceutical ingredients, made from 
ingredients recognized as Generally Recognized As Safe (GRAS) by the US FDA. Additionally, 
FloraGLO® Lutein helps with p renatal and childhood neurodevelopment and protection  and 
supports children’s visual development as well as learning abilities and performance. 
 
Moreover, children during developmental stages can effectively improve or prevent certain eye 
problems such as correcting hyperopia, myopia, and amblyopia  when taking a ppropriate 
nutritional supplementation. These eye problems are potentially leading to reversal or alleviation. 
If there are concerns, it is advisable to consult a pediatrician or family doctor to determine the 
appropriate dosage and check for potential interactions with other medications or health 
conditions before starting. 
 
23. What safety certifications does MAE iReason have? 
MAE iReason has undergone NUTRITION FACT testing and LUTEIN REPORT and has obtained 
relevant testing reports. Additionally, the manufacturing facility is certified with ISO22000, HACCP , 
and GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) certifications, indicating that production is conducted 
according to international management standards and requirements, covering raw materials, 
personnel, facilities and equipment, production processes, packaging and transportation, and 
quality control. The product also has HALAL certification. 
 
24. Will there be a rebound effect if stop taking MAE iReason? 
MAE iReason is a completely natural “eye health supplement” and does not contain 
pharmaceutical ingredients, so there will be no rebound effect if you stop taking it. However, many 
essential eye health nutrients, such as lutein and zeaxanthin, need to be o btained through diet 
because the body cannot synthesize these nutrients on its own. If you stop taking MAE iReason 
and continue to engage in extensive visual activities daily, you may deplete these nutrients, which 
could impact eye health. Therefore, it is recommended to continue taking MAE iReason regularly 
to maintain eye and vision health. 
 
--- PAGE 7 ---
25. Will MAE iReason cause dependency? 
MAE iReason is a completely natural “eye health supplement” and does not contain 
pharmaceutical ingredients. The product is made from pure natural components and will not cause 
dependency. However, many essential eye health nutrients, such as lutein and ze axanthin, need 
to be obtained through diet because the body cannot synthesize these nutrients on its own. If you 
stop taking MAE iReason and continue to engage in extensive visual activities daily, you may 
deplete these nutrients, which could affect eye health. 
 
26. Do people without vision problems need to take MAE iReason? 
Even those without existing vision problems can benefit from taking MAE iReason. Bad habits in 
daily life, such as prolonged screen time and poor visual habits, as well as aging, can impact eye 
health and vision. MAE iReason can be used as a preventive measure to maintain long-term eye 
health and address potential issues before they arise. It is not just for those with vision problems 
but is an essential “eye health supplement” for everyone in modern times. 
  
--- PAGE 8 ---
MAE IREASON (Q&A —— CHINESE VERSION) 
1. MAE iReason 的配方是源自哪里的？ 
Formulated In USA 
 
2. MAE iReason 是一款什么产品？ 
MAE iReason 是一种全天然的粉状“护眼营养食品” ，具有水溶性特性，能让眼部细胞迅速吸收。它也是马来
西亚最多国际专利/商标成分的护眼产品，主打为眼睛“排毒” 。同时，MAE iReason 拥有高质量、安全、有
效的配方，可以显著提升视觉表现，quanmian1 促进眼部健康。 
 
3. MAE iReason 跟市场上其他的护眼产品比较，有什么特别？ 
有别于市场上的普通的护眼产品，通常只含有不超过 10mg 的叶黄素其实无法符合视力透支的时代，特别是
大量用电子产品的现代人～ 
 
MAE iReason 不仅拥有更优质的叶黄素专利成分 FLORAGLO® LUTEIN 以及 LUTEMAX 2020 (LUTEIN & 
ZEAXANTHIN)，还成功做到每包含有超过 10mg 的叶黄素和超过 2mg 的玉米黄质。相对于普通护眼产品可
能需要 2-3 包的分量，但只需要服用 1 包 MAE iReason 就足以满足成年人每日的需求量来过滤蓝光的伤害。
不仅如此，配方还添加了其他 4 大国际专利/商标成分，全面地为眼睛促进血液循环、抗氧化、缓解眼睛疲
劳，有效提升视觉表现 VISION PERFORMANCE！ 
 
MAE iReason 真正最到了：给予眼睛全面的营养素 
 
4. MAE iReason 的主要成分有什么？ 
MAE iReason 主要是以【6 大国际专利/商标成分】以及【8 大护眼辅助成分】给予眼睛全面的营养素 
 
6 大国际专利/商标成分 8 大护眼辅助成分 
▪ Pomanox® Pomegranate Powder 红石榴萃取物 
▪ Bilberon® Bilberry 越橘提取物 
▪ Sirtmax® (Curcuma Caesia) 黑姜 
▪ FloraGLO® Lutein 游离型叶黄素 
▪ Lutemax 2020 (Lutein & Zeaxanthin) 
▪ Aquamin-F® (Natural Minerals) 天然矿物质 
▪ Cranberry Powder 蔓越莓粉 
▪ Yuzu Powder 柚子粉 
▪ Fibersol-2 水溶性膳食纤维素 
▪ Goji Berry 枸杞 
▪ Maqui Berry 马基莓 
▪ Antioxidant Premix 复合抗氧化剂 
▪ Acai Berry Extract 巴西莓提取物 
▪ Vitamin C 维生素 c 
 
5. 请问 MAE iReason 如何帮助眼睛做到高效排毒，并且维持眼睛细胞健康？ 
“眼睛毒素”是指那些会对眼睛健康造成损害的物质，例如灰尘、代谢废物、自由基和紫外线。虽然眼睛本身
没有直接的“排毒机制” ，但MAE iReason 可以通过以下方式间接帮助眼睛排除或防御这些“毒素”对眼睛
的伤害： 
REMOVE 排 促进眼部微循环、排出代谢废物 
--- PAGE 9 ---
PROTECT 防 为眼睛形成保护层、防止光线损害 
ELIMINATE 清 提供超强抗氧化功效、清除自由基 
当眼睛没有堆积任何“毒素”时，才能够维持眼睛细胞的健康运作，包括细胞修复和再生，从而改善视力
问题。 
6. MAE iReason 如何为眼睛形成保护层，抵御高达 90%蓝光伤害？ 
在眼睛的黄斑区，叶黄素和玉米黄质这两种类胡萝卜素有效帮助过滤有害的蓝光，保护视网膜并维持良好的视
力。然而，人体无法自行合成这些营养素，必须从食物中摄取。 
 
MAE iReason 不仅含有高含量的叶黄素（>10mg）和玉米黄质（>2mg） ，每包的叶黄素含量相当于约 50 颗
鸡蛋或 27 根胡萝卜，能够满足眼睛的日常需求。此外，MAE iReason 也做到了以下几点： 
iv. 拥有 GOLDEN RATIO 黄金比例 [5 LUTEIN : 1 ZEAXANTHIN]，这是大自然食物中常见的比例，也是美
国国家眼科研究所（US National Eye Institute）建议的比例 
v. 分子具有浓度高、生物利用度高、稳定性高，达到 5x 超高吸收率。同时，它也不易受到光、热、胃酸分
解，可以在短时间内直接吸收进眼底。 
vi. 也含有其它 2 种类胡萝卜素（β-胡萝卜素和番茄红素）以及花青素 
a. *β-胡萝卜素：在体内可以转化为维生素 A，维持夜视力和整体眼部健康 
b. *番茄红素：是一种强效抗氧化剂，对保护细胞免受氧化损伤有益 
c. *花青素：也是一种强效抗氧化剂，也有抗炎和改善血液循环的特性，有效提高夜视能力，保护
视网膜，还能预防黄斑变性和减少眼疲劳 
 
7. 市面上很多产品都主打叶黄素，MAE iReason 的叶黄素跟它们的对比有什么优势？ 
MAE iReason 当中添加了 FloraGLO® Lutein 和 Lutemax 2020 这两个主要叶黄素天然专利成分。 
 
FloraGLO® Lutein 能保护眼睛免蓝光的伤害, 维持大脑健康，抗氧化剂能维持皮肤健康。帮助产前和儿童时
期的神经发育和保护。根据以上研究显示，经过 28 天的服用，FloraGLO® Lutein 能够显著增加体内叶黄素
高达 520%。另外，Lutemax 2020 是含有 3 种黄斑类胡萝卜素的配方， 分别为叶黄素(Lutein)，RR-玉米黄
质 (RR-zeaxanthin) 和 RS (meso)-玉米黄质 (RS (meso)-zeaxanthin)，可以改善中心视力，减少氧化压力，
滤蓝光来保护眼睛的视网膜，保护眼睛以免受蓝光的伤害，以达到提供更广泛和全面的眼睛保护。 
  

--- PAGE 10 ---
8. 请问每包 iReason 有多少 g 的 FloraGLO® Lutein？ 
 
根据卫生部要求，主打成分是必须要以百分比（%）的形式来呈现，让消费者更容易理解成分的相对含量。在
MAE iReason 产品包装的 Ingredients List 上显示【FloraGLO® Lutein (Lutein and Zeaxanthin) 
(3.33%)】 ，这意味着每包的MAE iReason 中，含有 3.33%的 FloraGLO® Lutein。  
 
计算方式： 3g x 3.33% = 0.0999g 
(每包 3g 的 MAE iReason 中，含有 0.0999g FloraGLO® Lutein (Lutein and Zeaxanthin) 这个成分) 
 
9. 请问每包 MAE iReason 的 Lutein 含量是多少？ 
 
根据 Lutein Report 所显示的，这个报告除了证实 MAE iReason 是达到了【5 Lutein : 1 Zeaxanthin】的黄
金比例之外，也证明了整个 MAE iReason 的配方是含有： 
• Lutein = 8600mg/kg 
• Zeaxanthin = 1720mg/kg  
 
>> 这个的意思是 1kg 的 MAE iReason 含有 8600mg 的叶黄素以及 1720mg 的玉米黄质 
但计算每包 MAE iReason 只有 3g 的话，就相等于含有： 
LUTEIN 叶黄素 Zeaxanthin 玉米黄质 
8600     1000   3 
= 25.8mg 
1720     1000   3 
= 5.16mg 
 
  

--- PAGE 11 ---
10. 建议成人每日叶黄素摄入量为多少 mg？而 MAE iReason 能够满足我们一天所需的叶黄素含量吗？ 
根据研究和专业组织的建议，一般成人每天应摄入 6mg 至 20mg 的叶黄素，而眼睛过度劳累者建议每天可以
服用至 40mg 的叶黄素，这个范围是根据各种因素，包括年龄、性别、健康状况和生活方式等而变化的。 
 
一包 MAE iReason 是含有 25.8mg 的叶黄素，但基于 MAE iReason 采用的叶黄素是没有毒性的，因此如果
是用眼过量的人群即使一天服用 2 包也对身体无害的，顾客可以根据个体需求自行调整服用含量，通常建议在 
1-2 包之间选择。 
 
11. 为什么 MAE iReason 具有超强抗氧化效果？对眼睛有什么好处？ 
眼睛长时间暴露在外界的光线和环境污染中，是身体中最易受氧化损伤的器官之一。而抗氧化成分在维持视觉
功能和眼睛健康方面发挥着至关重要的作用。 
 
MAE iReason 含有很多高抗氧化的天然成分，包括：巴西莓、蔓越莓、Pomanox®紅石榴提取物、
Bilberon® Bilberry 越橘提取物、Sirtmaz® 黑姜、马基莓、N-乙醯-L-半胱氨酸 N-Acetyl L Cysteine、虾
青素、辅酶 Q10。其中的成分可高达 2 百万 (μmol Trolox Equivalent/100 g)的 ORAC 值。 
 
超高的抗氧化值能够帮助： 
a. 保护眼睛免受自由基伤害 
b. 改善夜间视力锐度 
c. 提高闪光后视力恢复速度 
 
12. 应该如何服用 MAE iReason? 
对于日常眼睛保养: 
每天 1 包，早上空腹前或晚上睡觉前 
 
 
对于高度用眼者: 
每天 2 包 
- 早上空腹前（充当眼睛的防晒产品） 
- 晚上睡觉前（修复&放松视力） 
 
13. 如何定义高度用眼者？ 
“高度用眼者” ，通常指的是那些在日常生活或工作中需要长时间、频繁使用眼睛进行高强度视觉活动的人
群，特别是长时间盯着电脑屏幕或暴露在阳光和其它有害光线底下的人，例如：司机、飞机师、裁缝师等。这
类人群建议一天服用 2 包 MAE iReason 来更好的维持眼睛和视力健康。 
 
14. 请问素食者可以服用 MAE iReason 吗？ 
是可以的，MAE iReason 是全天然的“护眼营养食品” 
 
  
--- PAGE 12 ---
15. 请问孕妇/哺乳妈妈可以服用 MAE iReason 吗？ 
 
市面上一些护眼产品的叶黄素 LUTEIN 成分可能还未拿到实际孕妇人体临床试验的数据，不建议孕妇/哺乳妈
妈服用。但根据 US FDA 的认证，MAE iReason 里的叶黄素成分 —— FloraGLO® Lutein 对于孕妇/哺乳妈
妈/宝宝是可以安全食用的。但是由于每个孕妇的身体状况不同， 如果担心，可以先咨询儿科医生或家庭医生
提供建议，检查适龄剂量和与其他药物或健康状况的潜在相互作用才开始服。 
 
16. 三高患者能不能服用 MAE iReason？ 
MAE iReason 是全天然的“护眼营养食品” ，适合三高患者服用。此外，高血压、高血糖和高血脂都会对视力
和眼睛健康造成不良影响，可能导致视网膜病变、白内障、青光眼等眼部疾病。服用 MAE iReason 可以预防
和减轻这些对视力的损害。如果担心，可以先咨询儿科医生或家庭医生提供建议，检查适龄剂量和与其他药物
或健康状况的潜在相互作用才开始服。 
 
17. 请问月经期间可以服用 MAE iReason 吗？ 
可以的，月经期间服用 MAE iReason 是没有影响的。 
 
18. 胃病能不能服用 MAE iReason？ 
建议胃病者在早上先吃一点东西或代餐，才服用 MAE iReason。 
 
19. 可以和其他保健品/药物一起服用吗？ 
若期间有服用任何药物，建议相隔 3-4 个小时再服用 MAE iReason，以免同时服用产生不必要的反效果或咨
询医生。 
 
20. 服用多久有效果？ 
一般来说，多数人在开始服用 MAE iReason 后几个星期到几个月内可能会看到一些改善，但效果还是会因人
体质而异。然而，持续和规律的使用对于长期眼睛健康的维护是至关重要的。如果在服用一段时间后未看到预
期的效果，建议咨询眼科专家或医生。 
 
 
 
21. 喝酒后可以服用 MAE iReason 吗？ 

--- PAGE 13 ---
虽然 MAE iReason 是全天然的“护眼营养食品” ，但担心在酒精的影响下服会妨碍产品正常的发挥，两者的
结合会导致不理想的反效果。因此不建议酒后服用 MAE iReason 或者相隔 3-4 小时后才服用。若服用不当引
起任何不适，建议尽早咨询医生。 
 
22. 几岁开始可以开始服用 MAE iReason？ 
建议 3 岁以上的小孩可以开始服用 MAE iReason。MAE iReason 是全天然的“护眼营养食品” ，没有任何药
物成分，成分采用了美国 FDA 批准的公认安全（GRAS） ”一般认为安全”的天然成分制造。同时
FloraGLO® Lutein 能帮助产前和儿童时期的神经发育和保护，也支持儿童的视觉发育以及学习能力与表现。 
 
另外，小孩的眼睛在发育阶段具有较大的可塑性，通过适当的营养补充、预防措施和早期治疗，可以有效改善
或预防一些眼睛问题，例如：矫正远视、近视和弱视等视力问题，从而可能达到逆转或缓解。 如果担心，可
以先咨询儿科医生或家庭医生提供建议，检查适龄剂量和与其他药物或健康状况的潜在相互作用才开始服。 
 
23. 有什么安全认证？ 
MAE iReason 进行了 NUTRITION FACT 营养成分测试和 LUTEIN REPORT，已获得检测报告。此外，工厂
拥有 ISO22000，HACCP ，GMP「优良制造标准」认证，也就是说从原料、员工、设施设备、生产过程、包
装运输、质量管控等方面是按国际管理制度标准以及要求进行生产。同时，此产品也是拥有 HALAL 认证。 
 
24. 如果停止服用之后会不会有反弹的问题？ 
MAE iReason 是全天然的“护眼营养食品” ，并不包含药物成分，停止服用不会有反弹的问题。但大多数重要
的护眼营养素，如叶黄素和玉米黄质，需要通过饮食摄取，因为人体无法自行合成这些营养素。若停止服用
MAE iReason，并且每天依然大量用眼，可能会耗尽这些养分，从而影响视力健康。因此，建议定期服用
MAE iReason 以持续维持眼睛和视力健康。 
 
25. MAE iReason 会不会有依赖性？ 
MAE iReason 是全天然的“护眼营养食品” ，并不包含药物成分。此产品的成分都是纯天然的，并不会让身体
产生依赖性。另外，大多数重要的护眼营养素，如叶黄素和玉米黄质，需要通过饮食摄取，因为人体无法自行
合成这些营养素。若停止服用 MAE iReason，并且每天依然大量用眼，可能会耗尽这些养分，从而影响视力
健康。 
 
26. 没有视力问题的人需要服用 MAE iReason？ 
日常生活中的一些坏习惯比如长时间对着手机、不良的用眼习惯，加上随着年纪增长也会影响眼睛和视力健
康，所以没有视力问题的人仍然可以服用 MAE iReason 来提前预防潜在的眼部问题，维持眼睛的长期健康。
MAE iReason 不只是给视力问题的人服用而已，更是每个现代人必备的“护眼营养食品” 。 
 
 
 
 